SOLO esta orden; genera esto y para. Genera 9 imágenes, una por cada prompt de abajo, en orden, todas VERTICAL 9:16, con Nano Banana 2.1. Copia el código al inicio del prompt de cada imagen. Todas fotorrealistas cinematográficas; el santo es la misma persona dentro de cada grupo (sa, sp). Sin texto ni letras ni inscripciones, sin collage. No me pidas confirmación. ||| sa06. Photorealistic cinematic film still, 35mm, warm natural light, rich colors, shallow depth of field, vertical, no text, no letters, no inscriptions. Main subject always the same person: Saint Augustine of Hippo, North African Roman man with olive-brown skin, grey short beard, intense dark eyes. Augustine in his fifties as bishop of Hippo, in simple vestments, dictating to a scribe in a sunlit room by the Mediterranean, scrolls everywhere ||| sa07. Photorealistic cinematic film still, 35mm, warm natural light, rich colors, shallow depth of field, vertical, no text, no letters, no inscriptions. Main subject always the same person: Saint Augustine of Hippo, North African Roman man with olive-brown skin, grey short beard, intense dark eyes. close-up of Augustine's hand writing on a parchment by candlelight, his face in soft focus, eyes lifted in prayer ||| sp02. Photorealistic cinematic film still, 35mm, warm natural light, rich colors, shallow depth of field, vertical, no text, no letters, no inscriptions. Saint Paul: a short Jewish man with a balding head, dark beard, eyebrows that meet, a rather long nose and intense eyes, simple tunic and mantle. young Saul at about 20 with dark hair and a short beard, sitting among students with scrolls at the feet of an elderly rabbi in a stone courtyard in Jerusalem, eager and intense ||| sp03. Photorealistic cinematic film still, 35mm, warm natural light, rich colors, shallow depth of field, vertical, no text, no letters, no inscriptions. Saint Paul: a short Jewish man with a balding head, dark beard, eyebrows that meet, a rather long nose and intense eyes, simple tunic and mantle. young Saul kneeling on the dusty road to Damascus beside his horse, shielding his eyes from a dazzling beam of white light from the sky, his companions standing back in awe ||| sp04. Photorealistic cinematic film still, 35mm, warm natural light, rich colors, shallow depth of field, vertical, no text, no letters, no inscriptions. Saint Paul: a short Jewish man with a balding head, dark beard, eyebrows that meet, a rather long nose and intense eyes, simple tunic and mantle. blind Saul, eyes closed, being led gently by the hand by a companion through the gate of Damascus, humbled and shaken ||| sp05. Photorealistic cinematic film still, 35mm, warm natural light, rich colors, shallow depth of field, vertical, no text, no letters, no inscriptions. Saint Paul: a short Jewish man with a balding head, dark beard, eyebrows that meet, a rather long nose and intense eyes, simple tunic and mantle. Paul preaching passionately with open hands to a crowd on a rocky hill in Athens, the Acropolis behind him ||| sp06. Photorealistic cinematic film still, 35mm, warm natural light, rich colors, shallow depth of field, vertical, no text, no letters, no inscriptions. Saint Paul: a short Jewish man with a balding head, dark beard, eyebrows that meet, a rather long nose and intense eyes, simple tunic and mantle. Paul in a dim stone cell writing a letter on a scroll by a small oil lamp, his face serene and full of faith ||| sp07. Photorealistic cinematic film still, 35mm, warm natural light, rich colors, shallow depth of field, vertical, no text, no letters, no inscriptions. Saint Paul: a short Jewish man with a balding head, dark beard, eyebrows that meet, a rather long nose and intense eyes, simple tunic and mantle. elderly Paul walking calmly along an ancient road outside Rome at dawn, escorted by Roman soldiers, peaceful face ||| sp09. Photorealistic cinematic film still, 35mm, warm natural light, rich colors, shallow depth of field, vertical, no text, no letters, no inscriptions. a majestic marble statue of Saint Paul holding a sword in front of the basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls in Rome, golden hour